[instrumental music]
(Vinny)
I'm breathing Italian air
for the first time.
- I have Italian sun on me.
- 'Look how pretty...'
Oh, my God, this is this is it.
Oh!
- I thought Snooks was single.
- 'No.'
Everyone knows
Nicole has a boyfriend.
Mike was like, "Oh,
I thought Snooki was single?"
I'm gonna tell you something.
Nobody knows about this.
Me and Snooki...
We kinda hooked up.
Me and Snooki were drunk one
night, and we sorta had sex.
I know Mike will hook up
with Snooki
but I don't know
if she'll hook up with Mike.
Hopefully not.
I don't know.
[instrumental music]
♪ Girl you're so hypnotic ♪
♪ The way you dance
is so naughty ♪
♪ It's freaky naughty erotic ♪
♪ It's like
your body's robotic ♪
♪ It's robotic botic botic ♪
♪ Your body body body ♪
Pauly's looking really good
in the club tonight.
And I'm like, "Mmm."
- What do you want me to do?
- Nothing.
Just tell me.
- Right now?
- Okay.
♪ Bon bon bon ♪
[screaming]
(Deena)
'What's goin' on?'
Oh, *** money!
- Aah!
- 'I told him!'
I called that ***.
In the words of Pauly D...
(both)
This is the best day
of my life!
We ended up making out.
It was fun.
She's a good kisser.
I'm a good kisser.
My game plan is,
flirt with Pauly.
Make out with him
a couple of times
then who knows,
maybe his Italian sausage
will be in my ***.
[instrumental music]
[all yelling]
Never in my life
have I met a girl
that could just hook up
and have no feelings.
They always end up having
some kind of feelings
somewhere.
[instrumental music]
- What's your name?
- Andrea.
You should give me your number.
- Nombre.
- No.
- Yes. Si.
- I have a boyfriend.
Aah!
I talked to Pauly.
Pauly said he wants to
*** Deena tonight...
That's what I said. It's like
a me and Vinny situation.
(Snooki)
Like, I know what happened
with me and Vinny
and it's just like kind of like
ruined our friendship.
I don't want that to happen
with Deena and Pauly.
'I'm really just concerned that
Deena's gonna wake up tomorrow'
and be like,
"I don't like Pauly."
And then what?
[yelling]
I-I just wanna talk to you.
Girl talk.
If I do sex with him,
it is what it is.
Do you think...
Yeah, I don't give a ***.
I definitely think that Pauly
and Deena are gonna smush.
It just really comes down
to timing.
Uh, when and where?
Let's get outta here.
- I gotta go.
- Let's go. Let's go.
Let's go home
and get this party started.
If you hook up with
Deena tonight, bro
I would appreciate it.
*** you are a nice guy.
It's gonna be like
me and Vinny.
Che bella, la casa!
So I get the first...
Skittles.
Whoa!
Where's the closest bathroom?
I'm trying not to piss
in public, again.
Come on, Pierre.
Do the jersey turnpike.
Beep, beep, beep.
There you go.
[telephone ringing]
- 'Hello?'
- Yeah, it's Ronnie.
(Hannah on phone)
'Hey!'
- Oh, my God, how's Italy?
- It's crazy.
This girl Hannah, she's helped
me out with a lot of *** like
that I was going through
with Sam.
And I just called her just to
hear her voice, I guess.
I told ya I'd call you.
I just wanna feel that normalcy
with somebody
like where I can have
a normal conversation
without fighting.
So, when are you coming
to visit me?
You gonna visit me?
(Hannah)
'I'll come to Italy.'
D! Bring Pierre over here.
Pierre's just shy
jumping of the ledge
and everything.
What? Jumping off the ledge?
And then he tried
falling in the Jacuzzi also.
[chuckles]
Ooh!
Deena is clumsy.
She falls all the time.
- Goodnight.
- 'Bye, Ron.'
Bye-bye.
Where's my *** spoon?
'Where's my spoon?'
Pauly might help you out
with that spoon.
- I'm a spooner. Good work.
- Scusi.
- 'You going to bed?'
- Yeah.
- Goodnight.
- Goodnight, everybody.
(Deena)
I definitely wanna smush Pauly.
You know, we could be like
friends with benefits.
[instrumental music]
This is such a bad time.
(Mike)
'I care for you a lot.'
Like I think you're like
an awesome person.
If Jionni can't make
Snooki happy
the situation's
happy to step up
to the plate and hit a homerun.
(Pauly)
'That looks like a lot of work.'
Making coffee in Italy is like
making coffee in the 1600's.
- 'That's the machine?'
- 'I guess.'
'The directions are in Italian.'
[instrumental music]
[horn honking]
[yelling]
[honking]
He didn't budge.
Who comes to Italy to sleep?
Not me.
Did you find a supermarket
to go to?
- Yeah.
- 'Hey, we're leaving!'
Nice windbreaker, bro!
Let's go.
Look at how cute
these little places are.
- 'It's like a movie set.'
- 'Not look real right now.'
It looks like "Beauty
and The Beast" or some ***.
I feel like people are gonna
start singing out their windows.
(Pauly)
It's our first Sunday in Italy.
Now, we always have
Sunday dinner back home.
We're gonna do it right
out here in Italy.
We're gonna hit the grocery
store, get everything we need.
Can we get a pineapple?
God! Everything's in another
language.
- '*** looks *** like an alien.'
- Yeah.
- Yo, we need wheat bread.
- 'Is that wheat?'
- Uh, it's classico.
- 'Is this wheat?'
- I don't know.
- Is this wheat?
(Deena)
Oh, my God, it's so hard
in a grocery store
trying to figure out
what the hell is what.
Like you're reading,
and it's like different words.
Is this artichokes?
Like what the hell is this?
Like nothing is in English.
- What the hell?
Which one's shampoo here?
I think it says "Shampoo."
(Deena)
'How do you say
"Nice to meet you" in Italian?'
- 'Piacere.'
- 'Piaceres.'
[instrumental music]
What good roommates we are.
- 'Where'd you go?'
- Went shopping.
- Shopping.
- For dinner.
Why don't me and Deena cook?
- 'For real?'
- 'Yeah.'
- 'Wow.'
- 'Thank you.'
(Sammi)
I am a good cook.
If somebody like,
let me cook something
I will cook a good
Sunday dinner.
Do you know how to make
like meat sauce?
I'm gonna make my own
concoction.
Alright, let's go.
(Deena)
'Should we have a glass of wine
while we cook?'
Oh, my God, yes!
We'll be like real Italian
ladies cooking dinner.
'I'm so proud of myself
for not falling last night.'
This is the garlic?
This is scallion
not *** garlic.
What is this?
'Tell me these are
strawberries.'
These are like
weird strawberries.
'Are these good like this?'
Yeah, those are like
raspberries.
Oh.
We have to do these *** dishes
also.
Yeah, there's actual
dishwashing detergent.
"Intenso. Automatico."
Just shut it, maybe it'll go.
(Deena)
'I haven't eaten yet
at all today.'
Do you wanna go get something
like a quick bite to eat?
Let me just bread
these chicken cutlets.
We got some stuff ready,
and then me, Jenni and Sammi
were like,
"Let's go out for a little bit.
When we come home, we'll cook."
I didn't realize
how cold it was.
Look at the little sandwiches
and stuff.
(Pauly)
'Yo, I'm starving.'
What's for supper?
(Vinny)
'Where is, where are the girls?'
The girls are out,
and I'm starting to suspect
that they're not
gonna cook dinner.
What?
*** all over the floor now.
'I was really looking forward
to eating a good Sunday meal.'
- Yeah, so was I.
- Yeah.
And they said
they wanted to cook.
I said, "Hey, fine."
I love this little cafe.
- How's your egg sandwich?
- Good.
Should we just start cooking?
- We should just do it, no?
- Yeah.
- We pay him in there?
Let's peace out of this bitch.
Como si dice paper towel?
Carta or some ***
like that.
Uh, carta or some **
like that, si.
(Vinny)
'Someone's here.'
- You better not be cooking.
- No.
- 'We're cooking!'
- Really? Now I'm pissed.
You guys suck!
We didn't know
when you were coming home.
I'm like. "Really?"
- Bellissima!
- I'm annoyed.
I wanted to frigging cook.
That's all.
(Jenni)
'Is Nicole still sleeping?'
- 'What?'
- Nicole's still sleeping?
- 'She's here?'
(Sammi)
Nicole, are you kidding me?
Get your ass up!
I don't know how people can
sleep the whole damn day away.
I can't.
But Nicole loves her sleep.
(Mike)
'No.'
You put the pasta in
before it boils?
Don't worry, we got a drainer.
(Vinny)
'Ha-ha, look at Mike's face.'
- Yeah, buddy.
- Hurry up, Nicole.
Coming.
- Can I have some salad?
- Sure.
- Our first Sunday dinner.
- Ciao, grazie.
Jersey, we do Sunday dinner.
Miami, we do Sunday dinner.
So, we're gonna continue
to make the tradition live on
out here in Italy,
Sunday dinner.
This is a once in a lifetime
thing, coming to Italy
everybody coming for the first
time, so just know
we shared it with everybody
at this table.
- Salud.
(all)
Salute!
Prego!
Hey, babe!
Dude, we're on like
different time zones.
Like what do you want me to do?
Why are you so mad at me? Stop.
I heard Snooki talking to Jionni
on the phone.
You know, she's upset,
but the situation
is very good when it comes
to relationship advice.
It's hard, babe. I wake up...
I legit wake up at, like,
3 o'clock in the afternoon.
- Don't let this bother you.
- You wanna call me later?
- Okay.
- 'Bye.'
Come on, you don't wanna
feel bad.
- Come on.
- That was horrible.
(Snooki)
I feel like Jionni
worries too much
and I feel like, you know,
he doesn't trust me sometimes.
Here, come here.
Mwah!
It's so beautiful out here.
Everybody's having
such a good time, like...
Don't let that bother you.
You know?
'I care you for you a lot, and
I just want you to be happy.'
'You know.'
What I don't want
'is for you not to be yourself'
'for you not to be happy.'
(Snooki)
'I know.'
(Mike)
If Jionni can't make
Snooki happy, you know
the situation's happy
to step up to the plate
and hit a homerun.
You like deserve everything,
you know?
You deserve the world, so don't
let somebody get you upset.
- No, it just sucks.
- I'm glad you came to me.
I'm glad you came to me,
too, okay.
- Hmm.
- 'Cause I got you.
- Thank you.
- No problem.
Hold on one second,
hold on a second.
- 'What is this?'
- 'Oh, *** nice.'
(Vinny)
'Como si dice lost?'
- 'Is this the Vatican?'
- 'Yeah, I think so.'
(Jenni)
'It's so nice.'
(Snooki)
'I feel like we're very close'
'and you can tell me anything.'
- Very, very close.
- Mm-hm.
'We've hooked up before and...'
'You know, I care for you
more than a friend.'
[instrumental music]
[telephone ringing]
- Hello?
- 'Hello.'
- 'Who are you?'
- I'm Vinny.
- Who's this?
- 'Hi, Vinny.'
- Hi.
- 'Vinny, I'm Marco.'
'I'm the owner of the best
pizzeria in Florence.'
- Okay.
- 'And, uh...'
'You work for me,
you and your friends.'
- 'Okay.'
- 'And I want you...'
'At 3 o'clock for orientation.'
- 'Don't be late, man.'
- Uh, we won't be late.
'Okay, okay, great.'
- Okay.
- 'Ciao. Ciao, ciao.'
- 'Who was that?'
- 'Marco.'
We're gonna be working for him
in a pizzeria.
And we have to go there today
at 3 o'clock.
So we should probably
leave now.
We're all working
at a pizzeria, bro.
- 'You serious?'
- Yeah.
(Ronnie)
'3 o'clock orientation.
Let's go.'
[speaking in foreign language]
(Mike)
'I got my wallet, chap stick.'
Oh, like I match so well.
Let's go to work.
[instrumental music]
***, hold on one second,
hold on a second.
What is this? Lamberti?
(Sammi)
'Oh, *** my life.'
(Vinny)
'Como si dice lost?'
- 'Is this the Vatican?'
- Yeah, I think so.
(Snooki)
'It's so nice.'
Oh, wait.
- Right here.
- 'That's where we have to go?'
- Hey, guys.
- What's up, my man?
- How're you doing?  Ciao.
- Ciao.
(Marco)
'That's a little bit late,
guys.'
- 'Yeah, buddy.'
- 'Yeah. Alright.'
Nothing like heat
after a hangover.
(Jenni)
We're working at a ***
pizzeria in Florence.
When I'm 80 years old and
I'm making pizza in my kitchen
and I'm teaching my kids
how to make pizza
and they ask me, "Oh,
where'd you make pizza?"
Bitch, I made it in Florence.
That's where I made pizza.
So shut your mouth
and enjoy my pizza.
(Pauly)
'All your attention, hey!'
I'm loud. Is that alright?
(Marco)
'Okay, now we make a pizza'
the first and the last time
that I show you.
Can we ask questions
if we forget?
- No question.
- Oh.
I want one of us...
Maybe I prefer you.
- Me?
- 'If you can come here.'
(Snooki)
You know, there's eight of us
and obviously he points me out
and I'm like dear *** ***.
Like I don't speak Italian.
How am I the *** supposed
to know how to cook a pizza?
What do you want, a margarita?
- Extra sauce.
- 'Pepperoni.'
- Extra pepperoni? Okay.
- You have pepperoni?
You talk to me about...
sweet pepper, vegetable?
Or you talk to me
about hot salami?
- Hot salami. Yeah.
- Hot salami. Okay.
- She loves hot salami.
- Yeah, she does.
- 'She loves hot salami.'
- Vinny, shut up.
- She likes a braciole.
- 'Okay, don't worry.'
You follow me?
Ooh, it's soft.
It's like a baby's butt.
Yo, can that be my job?
I DJ, I spin records.
I can spin pizza.
That's my job.
'Oh, God.'
Oh, I broke it.
- I broke it. I broke it.
- Don't worry, don't worry.
'We fix.'
I feel like I have splinters.
Guys, we're on orientation.
Pay attention.
- 'It's not that bad.'
- 'They want a diavola.'
(Snooki)
So Marco, like, he understands
how to speak English,
but not like very well.
- 'Like that?'
- 'No. No more. No more.'
Like, how am I supposed
to have a job with a boss
and I don't know
what he's saying?
- Two second, take it.
- Right now? With this?
With this, with this,
with this. Take it.
- It's burning.
- 'Aye!'
Huh? I don't know
what you're saying.
(Snooki)
'You're making me nervous.'
Here, here.
- 'Yay!'
- 'Cool.'
(Ronnie)
Snooks made the first pizza
pie. Came out pretty good.
I mean, if Snooki can do it,
we all can do it.
Right? You know what I mean?
Okay, guys, thank you
for your attention.
[indistinct chatter]
Looking forward
to learning this business.
'And we won't mess it up
for you.'
- 'Ciao.'
- 'See you next week.'
- Next week.
- 'What's the plan?'
(Deena)
'I wanna go home.'
Uh-oh, somebody's making
coffee.
Is this a grinder?
Yikes. No way.
'I need a grinder.'
I have three grinders
at my house.
'What is this, a ravioli maker?'
(Pauly)
'What are you crushing?'
(Jenni)
'Coffee beans.'
That looks like a lot of work
to make coffee.
Yeah, we aren't in *** America
anymore.
Making coffee in Italy is like
making coffee in the 1600's.
'I never knew how to make
coffee before.'
That's the machine?
'I guess, the directions
are in Italian.'
Is the coffee ready yet?
(Jenni)
'You're gonna enjoy
making your own cup.'
- Oh...
- Oh!
(Jenni)
'Alright.'
Hot. I'm never making
a cup of coffee again.
Hot.
I wanna go out.
- How long till we go?
- Like, 20 minutes.
What it is.
You guys ready?
- Hello!
- Yo.
♪ More more ♪
♪ More more more ♪
As soon as I entered Astor,
this beaut...
Not beautiful, but... Ha-ha.
A cute little blonde girl
comes right up to me
and says "Hi," and I say
"Hey, that was pretty easy."
(Mike)
This girl's name is Britney
and she's actually
an American girl from Florida.
[club music]
(Jenni)
So, Ron has a backup chick.
Her name is Hannah.
Ron is going to fly
this girl out.
I don't know if Sam knows
about this other chick
but if I tell her,
she will flip out.
Busted!
[indistinct chatter]
[club music]
Ronnie is pretty damn
sloppy right now at the club.
I'm in rare form right now.
♪ Stupid face-Ted ♪
(Pauly)
I haven't seen him this bad
since single Ronnie in Miami.
- Come on, Mike, show--
- Ugh.
- No, don't go--
- No, show.
You pick your choice.
- 'Fine?'
- Come here, baby.
Mike, show her.
Mike, Mike!
[club music]
Whoa!
Come on, let's dance.
(Jenni)
I'm watching Ron give Sam
an attitude.
Everyone's mood is shifting.
Something's gonna go down.
[indistinct yelling]
(Sammi)
'It's a little bit emotional.'
Like what am
I supposed to do, like...
- 'I understand.'
- Go to a corner?
'No, I understand.'
Like, what do you
want me to do?
- Just let it go.
- It's not a big deal, Sam.
Drunk?
- Just let it go.
- 'Just let it go.'
- Here, sit down, sit down.
- Mike, where...
Sit down right here.
Here they are.
Nicole!
'Nicole!'
- You know, you seem really fun.
- So do you.
- I'm really fun.
- You don't understand--
Here.
You don't understand
how fun I am.
(Mike)
'I think you're the ***
awesomest chick I've ever met.'
- But, uh...
- 'Let's just go home.'
(Vinny)
'Jen! You guys going home soon?'
- Are you ready?
- Yeah, I'm ready.
- 'Alright.'
- Let's go.
[club music]
Let's go.
Yeah.
[laughing]
I'm not ***!
Mike.
I'm not saying a word.
Who? No, he was a douchebag!
He didn't even want to
give you his number.
Stop. Public intoxication. Stop.
Act normal.
Please.
Good girl.
Let's go home.
- 'I love you.'
- 'Fine.'
- Do you love me?
- I love you, but I'm fine!
Up. Up. Up.
Oh, ***.
If you don't feel good,
let me know.
No, I feel fine.
Umm?
Watch your step, D.
[mumbling]
Oh!
[instrumental music]
Whoo!
- Grazie, grazie.
- 'Grazie.'
- 'Oh!'
- Grazie, grazie.
- Grazie.
- Proud of you, bro.
(Vinny)
'Yes.'
- Why? Do you like Mike?
- She's cursed.
Is that why you're saying that?
No, I'm just saying like
any girl that you guys get with
I'm like...
They're ugly.
Well, we can't have you, so...
What do you want us to do?
Shush.
(Mike)
I'm in the smush room
with Britney.
We ended up doing
a little *** pop.
That's a little, uh, uh,
and a little *** pop.
Put it together,
it's a *** pop.
Yeah, hi.
I'd like to order a taxi.
- You going home?
- Ciao, Bella.
- 'That was quick.'
- 'Outta here?'
'Nice meeting you.'
Toodles, whore.
Sure, we'll never see you again.
[instrumental music]
(Mike)
'Night, gorgeous.'
Mwah.
Holy tan line.
It's not my fault
that my butt's big.
[giggling]
Your what?
[laughing]
What the *** are you doing?
No offense, I'm not hatin',
but that girl's *** ugly.
You can do better.
'You're right,
I can do better.'
- I'm just sayin'.
- I know.
'I would've went home
with you'
'but you're never around.'
Huh?
I'm always around.
What are you talking about?
It's just different with you.
You're not just somebody
to take home.
'There's definitely
something between me'
'and you somewhere, somewhere.'
'I feel like
we're very close'
'and you can tell me anything.'
- Very, very close.
- Mm-hmm.
Like a little bit
more close than, than...
Like, we can talk about
anything. You know that.
'I know, but it's just
we've hooked up before and...'
'You know, I care for you
more than a friend, you know?'
'I now respect
you have a boyfriend.'
But, I've grown to like
love your personality
'and like love you
as a person, you know?'
[instrumental music]
You know we're really
good friends and...that's it.
'Yeah, well, I see the way
you look at me and...'
Mike, I look at you as,
like a really good friend
and I look out for you.
I care about you.
You care about me.
'But it's nothing like...'
- It's...believe me--
- 'More than that.'
Whatever.
I'm, I-I beg to differ.
I think there's
a little something there.
And I, and if you
don't think so
then, then you don't think so.
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Oh it ain't easy ♪
♪ How can I be sure ♪
(Mike)
'Ronnie was so funny
last night.'
He said,
"Watch what happens, bro."
He said, "I got like, five girls
coming to the house right now."
I never said that you said
you wanted to snuggle.
Not what you said this morning.
(Deena)
You're gonna go
and put me on blast
out of everyone, really, Pauly?
Pauly sold her out.
[instrumental music]
Is it still laundry and food?
- Yeah, buddy.
- 'Are we all ready?'
- 'Hold on. I'm coming.'
- Ronnie!
- 'Ron!'
- Alright, *** you.
- Wait, where's Snooki?
- Nicole's sleeping.
Let's go.
Ah!
[speaking in foreign language]
Yo, Ronnie hit the concrete
last night like a basketball.
(Sammi)
'Are you kidding me?'
(Vinny)
'I'm done with him
and you being drunk.'
- Yeah.
- You guys are a bad time.
Like, for real.
- 'Shut up, Vin.'
- I'm just telling you.
I'm telling you the truth.
When Ronnie and Sammi are drunk,
they turn into different people.
There's no getting
through to them.
I went to bed.
I left the situation.
I didn't... Normally,
I would sit there and fight--
Good. Good for you.
You did the right thing.
'Pauly said he's surprised
nothing escalated.'
(Sammi)
'It wouldn't have, though.'
'Like, I'm not gonna do that
anymore like in Jersey.'
Why can't you guys
just say, "*** it"
and have a good time
and not--
- 'Do we even...'
- You know what the thing is?
You both need to go out
and not worry about
what each other is doing.
(Jenni)
This needs to stop.
You people aren't
in high school.
You need to grow up
and you need to find
a happy medium.
I have feelings for Ron.
I always will.
'So it's hard living
with your ex-boyfriend'
and going out
and dealing with this.
It's just difficult.
And I'm dealing with it
the best way I can.
And I think I've been
doing pretty *** good.
'I just wanted to be
open and honest.'
'Like, whatever I say to anybody
else, I'm saying to you.'
(Mike)
'Ronnie was so funny
last night.'
He was like,
"Watch what happens, bro."
"I got like five girls
coming to the house right now."
Like, Mike always
has to cross that line.
We had squashed a beef
but Mike's trying
to start problems.
(Mike)
'Like, he was just drunk.'
He didn't know
what was going on
you know what I mean?
Obviously, there wasn't,
you know?
Whatever happens happens.
(Sammi)
Ron can do whatever he wants.
I'm not gonna let the whole
Ron thing really get to me.
Just not.
Ready to go?
Let's go.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Ciao.
[pop music]
Oooh.
- 'Ron, you wanna go in?'
- Nah.
I'll go in naked with you
if you want.
(Ronnie)
Vinny's like, "I really wanna
go in the Jacuzzi."
I'm like, "You know what?
***, Vin.
I'll get in there with you."
***.
- It's like a pot.
- Ha-ha!
I feel like
I'm in chicken soup.
Soup with the muscles.
[laughing]
[instrumental music]
It's like a love cozy,
because...
...it gravitates you
toward each other.
[both chuckling]
I give up.
It's definitely a Jacuzzi
for a guy and a girl
so that you guys
can get close.
- Are you going to sleep?
- Yeah.
Is this bed big enough?
Can I smo-smooch over?
- Ooh.
- Oh, yeah.
Comfortable, right?
(Deena)
Mike got into my bed
and tried to, like,
cuddle with me.
And I'm kind of like, "Eh."
'Cause me and Mike
really aren't like that.
Actually, I'm falling off.
- Come on.
- Ugh.
- Do you wanna smoke?
- Yeah.
(Deena)
'You're going to bed?'
Yeah, I'm going to bed.
Goodnight.
[instrumental music]
Yo, fellas, we're gonna
go eat with the girls.
This matches with
the gold glasses, gold watches.
Yeah, buddy.
Fresh from the feet...up!
Let's go.
- 'Mike?'
- Yeah.
We're rolling out, son.
Alright, I gotta change
my sneakers, that's all.
How about Mike last night?
[chuckles]
'Did you see him?'
Oh, my God, like...
When he came in?
- 'He's weird!'
- 'What happened?'
He came on my bed,
like, "Let's cuddle"
and I was, like,
I looked around
and I looked at him
and I was like, "I need to go."
"I need, I think I need to go
smoke a cigarette."
[laughing]
- 'Mike!'
- I'm coming right now.
Hold on.
Oh, it's beautiful out.
Which cafe we going to?
This way.
- 'Thank God for Vincenzo.'
- 'We're here!'
- Oh, we made it.
- Huh!
I love Rome! I mean, Italy.
[laughing]
(Deena)
They bring us up
to the rooftop
and it was just like...
♪ I love Florence ♪
♪ It's my best thing ♪
Look how the sun
is just shining on the church.
(Snooki)
'What's that church called?'
'Where someone
just got married.'
'And it starts with a V.
Vatican?'
Vatican, that's the one
that Leonardo Di Vinci
painted with his hand.
(Pauly)
'I'm pretty sure
it was Michelangelo.'
(Ronnie)
'Thanks for correcting me.'
[laughing]
What'd you drink last night,
'cause you were...
(Deena)
Yeah, what was good
with you last night, bro?
(Mike)
'They said you tried to cuddle'
'with Deena,
she turned you down.'
*** no, I said
you got on the bed
and then we went
to smoke a cigarette.
That's messed up,
not what you said this morning.
- Not this morning.
- 'Shut up!'
- I'm just saying what she said.
- Really?
'No. That's not what I said.'
What'd you say, then?
I said that he was drunk
and he was trying to cuddle.
- 'Oh, alright.'
- 'What are you talking about?'
(Mike)
'I wasn't trying
to cuddle with you.'
Is this bed big enough?
Okay, smo-smooch over?
- Umm.
- Oh, yeah.
Comfortable, right?
'Why are you trying to say ***
that didn't happen?'
(Deena)
'I said you got in my bed
and you were, like'
"Move over.
Can we both fit?"
- I said no.
- 'It was no, like...'
"Mike wanted to snuggle,
and I said no."
I never said
you wanted to snuggle.
- Okay.
- At all.
'Cause I don't want to,
just so you know.
- 'I didn't say Mike said--'
- 'Aww.'
(Pauly)
'Wow!'
(Deena)
Pauly, you're supposed
to be my best friend
and you're gonna go
and, like, put me on blast
and make me feel,
like, like ***?
Out of everyone, really?
Pauly?
I hate seeing her upset,
'cause it's not her at all.
- 'It was really that bad?'
- Yes!
Pauly sold her out.
And she was like, "Come on,
Pauly, stop, I didn't say that"
and he was, like,
"No, but you did."
Like...
He threw her under the bus.
I think Pauly knows,
like, he's not stupid
Deena is in love with him
and if you do
something like that
Deena's gonna, you know,
be very upset.
- 'You alright, Dee?'
- Yeah, I'm fine.
- Take a shot?
- Nah.
- Give her a shot.
- Yeah, take it.
(Pauly)
Deena needs to
lighten up and relax.
It's not that big a deal.
Okay, so Sitch
did want to snuggle
with you or didn't,
who cares?
Viva la Italia!
Salud.
I'm just, like,
"*** me in the ***
with a spike bat."
I'd rather not do that.
[instrumental music]
Is everybody going?
Everybody here's going.
- Boo, are you going?
- Yes!
Watch your *** tone.
No, I'm going.
[Pauly groaning]
(Pauly)
'A fist-pumping Pinocchio.'
You understand why I got mad
at you, though, right?
Yep.
Won't happen again.
- 'Oh, I got you something.'
- 'Ah!'
- 'What is it?'
- Italian bracelet.
- Oh!
- Aw!
Pauly got me a bracelet
to apologize.
- Grazie.
- I'm sorry.
- Love you.
- I got the illest *** shoes.
My feet already hurt.
Yo, we're leaving.
♪ Round and round
and round ♪
♪ Dance we can pull the music ♪
♪ To my head to my head ♪
♪ To my music is my drug
my drug my drug ♪
- 'Whoa!'
- ***!
- Cheers, bitch!
- Whoo!
Whoo!
(Vinny)
We were poppin' bottles.
We're finally fist-pumping,
you know?
We're in a crowd, jumping.
And it's kinda feeling like
we're in Jersey again.
Discotheque!
[club music]
The girls are super young
out here.
I don't think they have to be
a certain age to drink, so
if the girls are young,
just check their ID.
Salud!
You *** white boy, tonight, man.
- White boy wasted.
- Please!
[club music]
Come on.
Let's go to the bathroom.
- Sam!
- 'I know.'
Sam approaches me, and she's
just, like, "I want to talk."
Me and Sam drunk,
having conversations
about our relationship
that's definitely not the best
time to have a conversation.
Samantha!
(Deena)
'Sam!'
I think Sam is just drunk
and I think she's very focused
on, like, what Ronnie's doing.
And I'm just like, "No,"
like... "Come with me."
[club music]
Are we ready to go?
- Yes.
- 'Get a cab!'
- Oh!
- Are we ready?
- 'Ron's gonna fight.'
- 'Ahh.'
No, he's not. Relax, stop!
(Sammi)
'I know, but I miss him.'
You, like, flip out
about him, though.
I just miss him.
If she's got a basket
on a bicycle
she's too young for you, man.
If she still has
the parental controls
on her TV in her bedroom
she's too young for you, bro!
If she only owns
Snow White on DVD
she's too young for you, man!
Yo, his Keds still light up,
he's too young for you, bro!
[laughing]
[instrumental music]
Yo, if that ***
still plays laser tag
she's too young for you, bro.
[phone beeping]
(Mike)
I'm the type of dude that, uh
just in case
I don't bring a girl home
I like to have a plan B,
or a backup plan.
And my backup plan was Britney.
- 'Hello?'
- What's up, Brit?
What are you doing?
(Britney on phone)
'Um, I'm good.
What are you doing?'
- Do you have class tomorrow?
- 'No.'
- No?
- 'It's a free weekend.'
So, why don't you come
over and sleep over?
- 'Alright, bye.'
- Alright, sweetie.
(Mike)
Britney is one of the most
DTF chicks I've ever met
and she'll be here
in 20 minutes.
[instrumental music]
- 'Where you goin'?'
- I'm going to bed.
That's your boy.
That's your chick, too.
- Oh, my goodness.
- No.
- You guys just *** already.
- You're just fun.
(Pauly)
'Not on our first date.'
[chuckles]
- You're annoyed?
- No. I have to get up.
Yo, Vinny.
Want some chap stick?
Who ate my sandwich?
Wieners!
[instrumental music]
What is that?
- Actually, what is--
- Balsamic vinegar oil.
(Sammi)
I have feelings for Ron,
and I love and miss him
but it's, like, difficult,
'cause I'm trying to be strong
and, like, I'm trying
not to go back there
but I do have feelings, so...
...why not act on 'em?
I miss you.
♪ Don't give up on us now ♪
(Ronnie)
I know the way she feels.
And, like, I kinda have
feeling for her too.
I do still love her.
But, like, I just
go back to Jersey
and I'm just like
"*** me in the ***
with a spike bat."
I'd rather not do that.
I'm mad hungry.
♪ Ah-h-h ♪
♪ I just want to be strong ♪
♪ Don't give up on us now ♪
♪ Whoa oh oh oh ♪
♪ Whoa oh oh oh oh ♪♪
♪ Get crazy get wild ♪
♪ Let's party get loud ♪
♪ If you wanna have fun
and do something ♪
♪ Get crazy get wild ♪
♪ Let's party get loud ♪
♪ If you wanna have fun
and do something ♪
♪ A-a-a ♪
♪ Get crazy get wild ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Let's party get loud ♪
♪ If you wanna have fun
and do something crazy ♪
♪ Get crazy get wild ♪
♪ Let's party get loud ♪
♪ If you wanna have fun
and do something ♪
and do something crazy ♪♪